anybody in there john cusack wants to
adopt a child it's that one right there
you see him that is so interesting what
made you think of you could master boys
spends most of his time in a box
he thinks he's from another planet that
planet is Mars but cusack a widower
wants to adopt the young orphaned dennis
played by ten-year-old Bobby Coleman
he's a newcomer to film but wise beyond
his years what would it be like to be
left by all those foster care home
foster care parents and your own parents
and we thought you might you just closed
up and so that's how I played it in the
audition and in the movies use that get
some help from his sister in a real life
and on-screen Joan Cusack Amanda Peet
chimes in as the friend who helps him
raise the Martian child Pete by the way
had a baby earlier this year but we do
feel a little bit like there's an alien
creature living in our midst
you don't understand the language yes oh
my god she's gassy oh my god she's
hungry wait till they get about 3:00 and
it's like really really think I mean I
got a four-year-old daughter so yeah and
I'm like what do you think I am it do
you think I was born yesterday like you
Kuzak is convincing as a father in this
heartwarming film considering he doesn't
really have kids of his own that is it's
kind of like an art form I mean how much
do you you know make him kind of conform
to the world and how much do you let
them be who they are and I don't think
there's an easy answer to it I think
people who think there's an easy answer
probably don't have to go raise a kid
it's all about warm and fuzzy for this
movie see for yourself
whether or not the Martian child can
ever come down to earth
for better morning's I'm Brett Martin
you